Coursework for IN3043 Functional Programming

I have programmed a bank system with Haskell. It allows users to create account, check balance, deposit, withdraw, and transfer money from one account to another. It holds all the users’ data in a txt (Data.txt) file. 
I have 3 hs files Main, Account and Parser. Account holds the Account data types and the functions. The Parser is used to parse string from the txt file to Account type and vice versa. Main is the main point of the program which calls the functions from other modules and performs the functionality of the system.
First when main is run it reads and purses the contents from the data.txt to Account data type list. Then it gives user option to create an account or login to existing account. If the user chose to create account it asks for the username and password and it checks if an account already exist, if it does not then the account is created with initial balance of £0 and added to the data.txt file. If user wants to login, then it will ask for the valid username and password and checks if the account exist. Once logged in, the user is given the choice to check balance, deposit, withdraw or transfer money. Check balance functionality just returns the balance on the user’s account. Deposit and withdraw asks the user to enter the amount and updates the account on the Data.txt. Transfer asks about recipient’s username and checks if it exists in the account list, if the recipient is found then the user enters the amount to be sent and both the sender account and recipient’s account will be updated with new balance on the data.txt.
To run the program simply load the Main.hs and type main in the console. Main needs to be run again and again after every functionality performed.
I have used Haskell built in functions, higher order functions such as map, filter, (.), and generalization to concise the code. Unlike other language, an element of a list cannot be modified in Haskell so to update an account, I had to delete the whole account and re add it to the account list. 